The Defiant searched the area
for almost six hours.
We couldn't find any sign of survivors.
The Cortez was a good ship.
You knew Captain Swofford a long time.
I introduced him to his wife.
Patrolling Cardassian borders
Is getting more and more dangerous.
You never know when you'll run
into a squadron of Jem'hadar fighters.
I guess we popped
the champagne cork too soon, huh?
Everyone thought the war was over
When we retook the station
And pushed the Dominion
back into Cardassian space.
I never believed that,
and neither did you.
A lot of good that did the 400 people
on the Cortez.
Ah. Mr. Sisko.
How do you like our station so far?
Well, it certainly is...
Big.
I heard about Quentin Swofford.
I'm sorry.
Look, dad... I know
I haven't been very good company
In the last few days.
I didn't come here to be entertained.
I came to see you and Jake.
Well...
You certainly picked an interesting time
To take your first trip away from earth.
Well, I figured it was now or never.
Besides, I've been worried about you.
The last couple of times we've talked,
It seemed like you
were carrying the weight
of the entire alpha quadrant
on your shoulders.
Sometimes it certainly feels that way.
Dad...
Just say it, son.
I don't know how much more I can take.
I don't know
how many more friends I can lose.
Every time I achieve a real victory,
Something like this happens,
And everything seems to turn to ashes.
So what do you want to do?
Maybe it's time for me to step down,
Let someone else make the tough calls.
I see.
No one is indispensable, son,
Not even you.
Whatever decision you make, I'll support.
Of course, if Quentin Swofford was here,
I'd bet he'd have a few things
to say to you.
But he's not here,
and that's the whole point.
I'd say you have some thinking to do,
and I've got a dinner
date with my grandson.
So you'd better get to it.
Who was that?
Where'd he go?
Who?
The man that just walked by my door.
I didn't see anyone.
I could have sworn...
I don't know what
you're worried about, Ben
I'm not taking my ship
anywhere near the Cardassian border.
I realize that, but the Dominion
Is getting bolder and bolder
And your freighter is no match
For a Jem'hadar attack ship.
Ah, they've got to catch me first.
You're really not worried, are you?
No. I'm fearless, and you know that.
That's why you love me.
I think I follow that logic.
Man: Hey, Benny!
Catch the game?
What?
Who was that?
Who was who?
Ben? Where you going?
( Tires screeching )
BASHIR: He's awake now.
Ben, are you all right?
-I think so.
-Thank god.
You scared us there for a minute.
-What happened?
-BASHIR: I don't know.
I'm reading some unusual
synaptic potentials.
Your neural patterns are similar
To those you experienced last year.
You mean... When I was having
those visions about Bajor?
Visions? Does this have to do
with those prophets
You're always telling me about?
He's not going to need surgery
again, is he?
I'm not sure,
so I'd like you to remain overnight
For observation.
Is that absolutely necessary?
Take a look at these readings.
BOY: Hey, you going to buy that or not?
Now, personally,
I don't see the attraction.
Spaceships, flying saucers, men from mars.
What's wrong with men from mars?
Nothing, except it's all make-believe.
Me? I like war stories.
Did you see, from here to eternity?
Burt Lancaster standing there
In the middle of Pearl Harbor,
Machine gun blazing...
Shooting down those zeros.
If it had been flying saucers,
Forget about it.
So you going to buy that or not?
-Ah, Benny.
-Hello, Albert.
I, uh...
I thought you might be going to the, uh...
The office.
We could walk there together.
Exactly. Uh, uh...
If I could find... Ah, there they are.
So, you're looking at the galaxy I see.
Paper here! Paper!
Voila. A pitcher of plain water
instantly becomes a pitcher of ice tea.
Incredible!
"White rose redi-tea."
What an appalling concept.
Oh! H.G. Wells would've liked it.
I doubt it.
No self-respecting Englishman would.
Pabst! Pabst, get out here.
-What's wrong now, Herb?
-One guess.
"Battle of the doughnuts," round 28.
That's it? You call me out here
to complain? About the doughnuts?
They're stale again.
Delicious.
Delicious, my eye.
These are two days old, and you know it.
I've been eating doughnuts my whole life.
These weren't baked more than...
Six hours ago.
That's it. I quit.
I'm going over to galaxy.
Galaxy? That rag?
HERB: That rag knows the difference
between doughnuts and doorstops.
-Whose winning?
-Draw, same as always.
Want to write in galaxy?
They won't pay four cents a word.
You're paying him four cents a word?
-Stay out, Julius.
-ALBERT: Where did I put?
I gave you the matches.
I gave them to you.
For that fantasy crap you write,
you're lucky to get two.
-ALBERT: Maybe I put them over there.
-JULIUS: I beg your pardon?
-What's that?
-The latest galaxy.
KAY: Benny has the new issue of Galaxy.
Let me see that.
Heinlein, Bradbury, Sturgeon.
Quite a lineup.
Add Herbert Rossoff to them,
and it'd be complete.
What if I promise you
fresh doughnuts tomorrow?
-Why should I believe you?
-I'll even throw in a couple of crullers.
-Okay, I'll stay.
-Don't do us any favors.
Good. Now that we've finished
With the old business, on to the new.
Time to hand out
next month's story assignments.
Ritterhouse, we're waiting!
Okay, friends and neighbors.
Let's see what uncle Roy
has for you today.
PABST: All right, I've titled this one
"Please take me with you."
-Who wants it?
-Kay: what do you think, Jules?
JULIUS: I think
we can do something with that.
Oh, I'll bet you can. I can see it now...
A lonely little girl befriended
by empathetic aliens
Who teach her how to smile.
It's enough to make you go out
and buy a television set.
Next.
ROY: This is Mr. Pabst's favorite,
"honeymoon on Andorras."
You've got to be kidding.
I had too much sauerkraut
in my franks that night.
What can I say?
That is the worst garbage
I have ever seen.
Thank you. I'll take it.
Of course, you will. You have an affinity
for garbage. Don't you?
The picture may be garbage,
but the story... The story will be art.
( Others scoffing )
PABST: All right, I haven't got a title
for this one yet.
-Anybody got any ideas?
-I'll think of something.
PABST: All right, next order of business.
some of our readers have been writing in
wanting to know what you people look like.
KAY: well, write back and tell them
We look like writers, poor, needy
and incredibly attractive.
Well, our publisher has a better idea.
Mr. Stone has decided to run
a picture of you
in next month's issue.
Is that absolutely...
Necessary? I'm afraid it is.
Kay, you can sleep late that day.
Of course, I can.
God forbid the public ever finds out
That K.C. Hunter is a woman.
I suppose I'm sleeping late that day, too.
It's not personal, but as far
as our readers are concerned,
Benny Russell is as white as they are.
Let's keep it that way.
( Sarcastically ) Oh, yes...
If the world's not ready
for a woman writer...
Imagine what would happen if it learned
about a Negro with a typewriter.
Run for the hills.
It's the end of civilization.
What about W.E.B. Dubois,
Zora Neale Huston,
Langston Hughes, Ralph Ellison,
Richard Wright?
Did you ever hear of native son?
That's literature for liberals
and intellectuals.
The average reader won't spend
his hard-earned cash
On stories written by Negroes.
Someone shoot me
and put me out of my misery.
-Oh, how I long for a gun.
-Sorry, Benny.
I wish things were different,
but they're not.
Wishing never changed a damn thing.
Come on, Benny, it's just a photo.
I'll try to remember that.
You're a dog.
All right, enough standing around.
Get back to work.
( Typewriter clattering )
Hey, hey, hey.
-What's the hurry?
-That's my drawing.
-Is that so?
-Nice suit.
Where'd you get it?
I bought it.
Can I have my drawing back?
Hey, boy, I'd watch that tone
of voice if I were you.
What are you doing here?
I work here.
RYAN: Yeah? Where?
In there.
What are you? The janitor?
Awfully well-dressed for a janitor.
How do we know that picture's yours?
It's the drawing of a space station.
BOTH: Space station?
MULKAHEY: Hey, hey... Uh-uh.
Well, get off it already.
Okay, okay.
See? It's not worth anything except to me.
Let's say we run him in,
check him for priors.
Eh... We got to be uptown in 15 minutes.
Take your drawing... And get out of here.
RYAN: Hey, hey. You're getting off
with a warning this time.
Next time, not so lucky.
Now, get out of here.
You heard him, move on.
I don't know, Kevin.
This whole city's going
to hell in a hand basket, huh?
Damn shame.
Come on.
MAN: And he said to me...
"These words are trustworthy and true.
"And the lord god started
the spirits of the prophets
"shall send his angel to show his servants
what must soon take place."
Praise the lord. Open their eyes.
Help them to see.
Are you talking to me?
"O, that my words were now written.
O, that they were printed in a book."
Write those words, brother Benny.
Let them see the glory
of what lies ahead.
"B-benny"? How do you know my name?
Go now and write the truth
that's in your heart...
The truth "that shall set them free."
Praise be the word of the lord.
Praise to the word of the prophets!
( Sighs )
( Typing )
( Singing doo-wop )
CASIE: Hey, baby. Have a seat. The usual?
How about scrambling those eggs today?
Oh, my. Aren't we feeling adventurous.
I have just written the best story
of my life.
That's great, baby.
I've got some good news, too.
I talked to Mrs. Jackson last night,
and she's serious about retiring
In the next couple of years.
I asked her about selling
this place to us,
and she said that she would be willing.
Cassie, we have been over this.
I have a job I am a writer.
And how much money
have you earned doing that?
I've only been working
at it for a few years.
A few years? More like 15...
If you count all those stories
you wrote in the navy.
-That was amateur stuff.
-Oh, baby.
Neither one of us is getting any younger.
Can't you see?
This is our chance.
We can make some money,
we can get married.
You're always talking about
writing for the future.
Well, look around you. This is our future.
In you go, ladies. Lunch is on me.
Cassie, hear the game last night?
Went two for four,
robbed Snider of a tater.
Should've heard the crowd...
yelling and carrying on.
Sure, they were yelling.
They want to know
why the giants are in fifth place.
Would you please tell this fool
to take his business someplace else?
Well, I thought about it.
Trouble is, if he did leave,
he'd take my heart with him.
Well, suit yourself. But if you ask me,
It's a waste of a very pretty heart.
I don't think so.
Strike three. You're out.
Oh, that's all right.
I'll get another turn at bat.
How about some steak and eggs?
Ah, coming right up.
Uh, but tell me something.
How come you still living uptown?
A famous ballplayer like you,
You can live anywhere you want.
The hell I can. They can hardly
get used to the idea
Of me playing alongside them.
Living next door to them?
That's a whole other story.
Besides, around here,
when people look at me,
It's 'cause they admire me.
There, I'm just another colored boy
That can hit a curve ball.
Now, if you will excuse me,
my public awaits.
I'll see about those eggs.
Hey, hey, Benny. You want to buy a watch?
-Where'd you get that?
-I found it. Nice, huh?
Jimmy, you've got to turn this around
or one day you're going to find yourself
in some serious trouble.
Anything I can get into, I can get out.
You keep thinking that way
and watch what happens.
Man, why you always trying to lecture me?
-I'm not. I'm just trying to help.
-You want to help me?
You can buy this watch.
I can use the cash.
Why don't you get a job?
As what? A delivery boy or a dishwasher?
No, thanks.
I like being my own boss,
setting my own hours.
Sounds like a great life.
Yours ain't no better writing stories
about a bunch of white people
living on the moon.
Man, who cares about that?
Hey, I'm not doing that anymore.
I'm writing about us.
What, colored people on the moon?
-BENNY: check out next month's issue.
-Colored people on the moon.
( Chuckling )
I just might do that. But first,
I'm going to need to raise me some cash.
Oh! She's got a worm in her belly.
Oh, that's disgusting. That's interesting,
but that's disgusting.
And you,
Uh, um...
If you don't mind my asking that is,
You... You are...?
I'm Mr. Pabst's new secretary,
Darlene Kursky.
Which one of youse wrote this?
I did.
You? Surprised?
Well... It's the best thing I've read
Since the puppet masters.
I read a lot of science fiction.
Bless you, my child.
The world needs more people like you.
This story is really...
It's... It's... Um... Uh...
How should I put it?
It's... It's very...
-Impressive?
-Yes.
It's a damn fine piece
of writing is what it is.
And deep space nine is a very
intriguing title.
Very admirable.
The master of understatement.
What he really means is,
He wishes he had half your talent.
KAY: You know what, Benny?
I like this major. She's a tough cookie.
Science fiction needs more strong women.
I'm always saying that, aren't I?
Ad nauseam, dear.
These Cardassians...
I like the way you described them,
Especially the neck ridges.
I'm going to do some sketches,
make a nice cover.
Don't waste your time.
You, get back to work. You, too, Roy.
Douglas, you're not going to tell us
-You don't like this story.
-Oh, I like it.
It's very good.
But you know I can't print it.
-Why not?
-Oh, come on, Benny.
Your hero's a Negro Captain,
The head of a space station,
for Christ's sake.
What's wrong with that?
People won't accept it.
It's not believable.
-And men from mars are?
-PABST: Stay out of this, Herb.
Look, Benny, I am a magazine editor.
I am not a crusader.
I'm not here to change the world.
I'm here to put out a magazine.
That means I have to answer
to the publisher,
The national distributors,
the wholesalers,
and none of them are going to want
To put this story on the newsstand.
For all we know, it could cause
a race riot.
Congratulations, Douglas.
That's the most imbecilic attempt
To rationalize personal cowardice
That I've ever heard.
Uh. He's angry now.
Huh! Herb's been angry
ever since Josef Stalin died.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-You know exactly what it means.
-You calling me a red?
-Easy, easy.
Calm down, dear boy.
We're writers, not vikings.
I'm not going to stand here
and let some craven fascist call me
HERB: a pinko and get away with it.
Douglas, um...
What did you think of, uh... of my story?
I loved it. Albert's got the right idea.
He's not interested in Negroes or whites.
-He writes about robots.
-That's because he is a robot.
No offense, Albert.
Well, I...
Like robots.
They're very... Uh... Uh, efficient.
Here. Write me a novella
based on this picture.
I'll print it in next month's issue.
You do a good job,
you might even get the cover.
-What about my story?
-The way I see it,
You can either burn it
or stick it in a drawer
For the next 50 years
or how ever long it takes
The human race to become color-blind.
I want people to read it now.
You want me to print it,
make the Captain white.
That's not what I wrote!
It's your call.
I'm sorry they didn't buy
your story, baby.
Really I am.
I told you you were wasting your time.
A colored Captain.
The only reason
they'll ever let us in space
Is if they need someone
to shine their shoes.
Ain't that right, Cassie?
I don't know, and to be honest.
I don't much care what happens
a hundred years from now.
It's today that matters.
Well, I've got news for you.
Today or 100 years from now,
It don't make a bit of difference.
As far as they're concerned,
we'll always be niggers.
Things are going to change. They have to.
Oh, you keep telling yourself that.
Maybe this is all happening for a reason.
You mean maybe
it's God's way of telling me
I should quit writing
and go into the restaurant business?
Hey, it's possible.
Baby, I know we can make this work for us.
We could be happy.
Besides, you don't have to give up
Writing altogether.
Maybe you could write something
for the Amsterdam news
Or... Some other Negro newspaper.
I'm not a reporter.
I'm a writer. I write fiction,
And the Amsterdam news
is not going to publish stories
about a space station 400 years
into the future.
Hear the game last night?
( Yelling )
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to frighten you.
You don't look so good.
You sick or something?
-Oh, no, I'm fine.
-You want to lie down in the back?
No, I... I just need some air.
Are we still on for tonight?
I'll pick you up about 10:00.
( Door shuts )
Well, what are you doing till 10:00?
Whatever it is,
I won't be doing it with you.
PREACHER: Hello, brother Benny.
Oh, you again.
I don't understand what you want from me.
To follow the path of the prophets.
Walk with the prophets, brother Benny.
Show us the way.
W--what way?
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-Write the words, brother Benny...
PREACHER: The words that will lead
us out of the darkness
Onto the path of righteousness!
Write the words, brother Benny!
Write the words!
( Playing slow jazz )
Hey, baby.
Hey, hey, hey.
You forgot all about our date.
Ohh... Our date. I'm sorry. I was working.
Ben Sisko?
Isn't that your colored Captain?
Mm-hmm.
Why are you writing
another one of those stories?
You couldn't sell the last one.
what makes you think this one
will be any different?
It probably won't be,
but it doesn't matter.
It's what I've got to do.
Right now, what you've got to do is eat.
I'm not hungry. ( Yawning )
What time is it anyway?
It's after midnight.
I should be getting home to bed.
But before I go, what do you say
we take a spin on the dance floor?
Okay.
Mmm. Feels good, doesn't it?
I could stay like this forever.
Mmm, me, too. It's times like these
That I wish
we'd never heard of the Dominion.
The Dominion?
What do you mean?
You said something about the Dominion.
What is it, Ben?
What's wrong?
I don't know.
I think I'm losing my mind.
Tell me what's wrong.
I'm starting to see things from my story.
It's as if I'm becoming
this Captain Sisko.
Okay, baby,
you just need to get some rest.
It's all right. It's all right.
I'm with you. I'm with you, baby.
Just take it easy. Shh.
Have you lost your mind?
I've been asking myself the same question.
I give you a novella to write,
I even offer you a shot at the cover.
Three weeks later instead of a novella,
You come back with six stories,
Six sequels to a story
I refused to publish
In the first place. So I guess the answer
To the question we've both been asking
-Is, yeah, you are certifiable.
-I think you should print your own stories
Through a private publishing house.
A nice, elegant volume 50 to 100 copies.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, might as well write it in chalk
on the sidewalk.
More people would read it that way.
I've got an idea.
Why not make them, you know, a, uh...
A d--dream?
What's that?
Just make the ending
Of your first story
of deep space nine a...
Dream.
Would that make a difference?
( Sighs )
-That depends.
-On what?
On who's doing the dreaming.
Well, obviously someone, uh...
Someone without a lot of hope.
A--a shoeshine boy, a convict...
Someone dreaming of a better future.
( Sighs )
A Negro.
Yeah, well, I suppose he'd have to be
if he was dreaming about a Negro Captain.
HERB: Hold on.
-Making it a dream guts the story.
-Shut up, Herb!
I think it makes it more poignant.
What about the other Sisko stories?
You can't make them all a dream.
Let him get this published,
then worry about the others.
What do you think, Benny?
I think...
It's better than chalk on the sidewalk.
Can I play?
Hey, Jimmy, I got great news.
We are headed for the stars.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
-Oh, come on.
-I'll buy you lunch.
I'll tell you all about it.
Later. I got some business
to take care of.
What kind of business?
Big time. That's all I'm saying.
Hey, hold it. Hold it.
What are you talking about?
Don't worry about it.
-It's cool, I got it under control.
-Huh?
I'll see you around.
Bottom of the seventh, I'm up again.
O-2 fast ball... bam!
Into the left field bleachers.
Had to be 400 feet.
I know all about it, Willie.
I read the newspaper.
Oh, but you got to admit...
They don't tell it like I tell it.
BENNY: Hey, Cassie!
( Giggles )
WILLIE: Hey, man, did you hear
the game last night?
I went two for four.
That's great, but I just hit a grand slam.
They are publishing
one of my Sisko stories
At three cents a word, three cents a word!
Oh, good for you, baby!
That means tonight we are celebrating.
Dancing, the works.
-I'll wear my red dress.
-You're damn right you will.
Three cents a word. Three cents a word.
Whoo!
( Cassie laughing )
Hey! There you are.
( Humming )
Oh! Oh, my poor feet.
Baby, you better marry me soon.
I'm not getting any younger.
Yes, but you are getting more beautiful
Day by day.
♪ I'd be happy just to spend my life ♪
♪ Waiting on your beck and call ♪
PASTOR: Brother Benny.
I was hoping I'd see you again.
I did it. My story's getting published.
"And the light of the Lord
is in his path."
But, brother Benny,
This is only the beginning
of your journey,
not the ending,
and the path of the prophets
Sometimes leads into darkness and pain.
Benny, what is he talking about?
Who are you?
I speak with the voice of the prophets.
PASTOR: And in their words,
hope and despair walk arm in arm.
Did you understand any of that?
( Gunfire )
Is that gunfire?
-Hey! Whoa, whoa!
-What happened?
-What's it to you?
-I know him.
Oh, yeah? Maybe you can explain
what he was doing
trying to break into this car.
You shot him because he was breaking
into a car?
-He had a weapon.
-A crowbar!
Yeah, now, step back.
-Let's go.
-Come on.
Hey!
CASSIE: Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Let him go!
Stop it, please! Stop it! Get off me!
-Stop it!
-You're going to kill him!
( Cassie crying )
You're going to kill him!
( Crying ) Stop it! Stop it! Please...
( Sobbing ) Stop! Stop!
I'm telling you, baby. You've been cooped
up in this apartment for weeks.
Going down to the office will do you good.
I suppose you're right.
I should be there when the first copies
Of this month's issue are delivered.
Absolutely. After all that work you did,
You deserve to see your story in print.
Just no jumping
up and down with excitement.
I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself.
I will restrict myself to a proud grin.
You're not having any more
of those hallucinations, are you?
I'm fine.
( Door shuts )
KAY: What about
"it came from outer space"?
JULIUS: I think it's a smashing title.
wish I'd thought of it.
Hey, Benny.
Long time no see.
Is it here?
Not yet.
Pabst is still at the printer.
We're waiting for his return
with baited breath.
We, uh, heard that...
-That you were...
-We heard they beat the hell out of you.
I'm okay.
Glad to see that you're...
You know, up... And about.
Tell him the good news, Albert.
-Yeah.
-Oh, it's-it's nothing.
Nothing? He sells a novel to gnome press,
And he says it's nothing?
Novel, Albert.
Congratulations. Robots, huh?
Well, you know, what else?
( All laughing )
JULIUS: It's about time.
Douglas, magazine?
There isn't any magazine
not this month anyway.
Mr. Stone had the entire run pulped.
-He can't do that.
-Oh, he can... And he did.
He believes, quote, "this issue did not
"live up to our usual
high standards," unquote.
Well... What's that supposed to mean?
It means he didn't like it.
Which means the public will simply
have to get along
Without any "incredible tales" this month.
What exactly is it that he did not like?
The-the-the artwork, the, uh, the layout?
Uh, what "high standards"
is he talking about?
Take it easy, Benny.
No, I...
It's about my story, isn't it?
That's what this is all about.
He didn't want to publish my story,
And we all know why.
Because my hero is a colored man.
Hey! This magazine belongs to Mr. Stone.
If he doesn't want to publish this month,
We don't publish end of story.
And that doesn't make it right,
and you know it.
Don't tell me what I know.
Besides, it's not about what's right.
It's about what is...
And I'm afraid I've got some
more bad news for you, Benny.
Mr. Stone has decided that your services
are no longer required here.
What?
You're firing me?
I have no choice, Benny.
It's his decision.
Well, you can't fire me.
I quit. To hell with you...
And to hell with Stone.
Try to stay calm, Benny.
No! I'm tired of being calm.
Calm never got me a damn thing.
I'm warning you, Benny.
If you don't stop this,
I'm going to call the police.
You go ahead! Call them!
Call anybody you want.
They can't do anything to me.
Not anymore... And nor can any of you!
I... Am a human being, damn it.
You can deny me all you want...
But you cannot deny Ben Sisko.
He exists.
That future, that space station,
all those people, they exist in here.
In my mind. I created it.
And every one of you know it.
You read it.
It's here. You get what I'm telling you?
You can pulp a story,
but you cannot destroy an idea.
Don't you understand?
That's ancient knowledge.
You cannot destroy an idea.
That future I created it, and it's real!
Don't you understand?
It is real! I created it, and it's real!
It's real. Oh, god!
( Weeping )
PARAMEDIC: Easy...
One... two... three.
Rest easy, brother Benny.
You have walked in the path
of the prophets.
There is no greater glory.
Tell me, please.
Who am I?
Don't you know?
Tell me.
You are the dreamer...
And the dream.
KASIDY: Ben.
Ben?
-How long was I out?
-Only for a few minutes.
Seemed like forever to me.
That's odd.
Somehow your neural patterns
have returned to normal.
-That's good, isn't it?
-Oh, it's very good.
I just don't understand how it happened.
How are you feeling, son?
I'm okay.
I'm done packing.
Transport leaves at 8:00 in the morning.
I wish you could stay longer.
I've got to get back to the restaurant.
My customers have never
gone this long without me.
The question is what are you going to do?
The only thing I can do.
Stay here and finish the job I started,
And if I fail...
"I have fought the good fight...
I have finished the course...
I have kept the faith."
I've never known you to quote
from the bible.
I'm full of surprises, aren't I?
And so are you.
Sounds like that dream
you had... Helped you sort things out.
I suppose it did...
But I have begun to wonder.
What if it wasn't a dream?
What if this life we're leading,
all of this...
You and me, everything...
What if all of this is the illusion?
That's a scary thought.
I know. I know.
But maybe, just maybe...
Benny isn't the dream.
We are.
Maybe we're nothing more than figments
of his imagination.
For all we know...
At this very moment,
Somewhere far beyond
all those distant stars...
Benny Russell...
Is dreaming of us.